docs: Clarify that .jsh are not cached and no native support (fixes #506) (#511)
jbangdev/jbang: readme.adoc

 Hello World
 value

> Please note that `.jsh` files are not cached ([#506](https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang/issues/506)) and cannot be built as native images ([#510](https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang/issues/510)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that `.jsh` files are source only, they are not compiled thus they are https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang/issues/506[not cached] nor can they be https://github.com/jbangdev/jbang/issues/510[built as native images].
```

its asciidoc not markdown :)
